[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> It's as if each and every one
of us is this extraordinarily
precious conversion vehicle
for bringing spirit into form.
If we get caught in form,
so that our whole minds are
stuck in form, then we don't
turn it back into spirit.
And at first, we are
very intentionally
doing things like
breathing up into the head,
and then down into the
body, and up into the head,
and then down into the body.
These are methods.
Until after a while,
you are so much,
as the Bible says, "in the
world but not of the world,"
that every situation
you come into
is one into which you
bring that kind of light,
and peace, and presence,
love, compassion.
And it gets so that you're
really not doing anything.
You have merely
surrendered to becoming
an instrument of that process.
So there's not even
the conscious intent,
like I'm doing it.
It is merely being
done through you,
and then you start to live
in the most extraordinarily
different kind of a world.
For me, when I am resting in
the space of being, of God,
of spirit, and I am just
going through life looking
at my beloved, it's like walking
through a garden in which
everywhere you look the
flowers keep blooming
right before your very eye.
Because almost
every human being,
when they are touched by love
or light or spirit that is not
judging, that doesn't
want anything,
it's not asking for
anything in return,
they respond and they just
open just a little better.
And it's just like
watching a flower bloom.
See, most of us are so
vulnerable that if you allow
yourself to open that way and
you look at someone with love
and they look at you
like, what do you want,
you are so in the world yet
that you buy their mind.
And you say, oh,
nothing, nothing, and you
close right back up
like a clam, a muscle.
When you have quieted and
deepened your connection
to that which is the most
profound in the universe,
then when people in the world
reject or turn off or give you
that glassy eyed thing, you're
crazy, you allow them to do it,
but it doesn't
diminish your love,
because you, it turns
out, are not vulnerable.
What are they going to do?
Catch you with your
love hanging out?
How terrible, how
embarrassing for you.
I'll love you if you love me.
No, it isn't that game anymore.
Your only friend is God.
That doesn't mean you
don't have friends,
but it means the essence.
When you look at all
the different friends
you have and you look at
what the essence of it is,
it's that place inside where
the two of you meet in love.
That's it.
That's God.
That's it, that's spirit.
[MUSIC PLAYING]